What is it guys and what can Maxson now in this video will Larry King of the sidebars.
So first let's just come here and let's change that for this.
I'm going to go to the bottom and I'm going to change this be like copyright
2017.
And then here would be complete W.P. of course.
OK here we go.
You can see everything is up and running.
And now what I have to do I have just said publish right now so you can see this is right here.
I am going to just go back and then we have the photo of it.
So you can also work for it.
You can add the footer of it if you want to.
You guys already know about it so I'm just going to say it right now.
I am not going to add it right now so you guys already know about it.
So what is the reason to add it.
So now let's go ahead and let's get the footer.
Sorry the sideboard.
I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to click here.
And now let's remove all these so you can also remove it from here.
You just have to go to deficits and then you have to go to the right table.
And this is the one so we have that custom sidebar football karmas sidebar.
OK.
I'm just going to remove it.
So I'm going to remove it from here.
Tremlett
and what I want to do I want to add of it so let's out of each widget weighed the vision that I want
to add right now is going to be
I'm first of all I need the product filter.
So let's come here.
Let's just go to the shop page right now
OK.
So here I want to add a budget.
So this is going to be the price filter surprise filter products by price.
This is the one.
OK here you can just filter the products by price.
A just love it.
I always have it whenever I want to out a creative web so I have it right now and then I need one more
added and that will be
the categories.
OK.
So I need the product categories.
I just bring it and you can see that this is great here.
So we have clothing this and this and everything is coming here.
OK.
I'm going to add the title.
So the title is going to be category's
OK.
And now I want to go back.
Let's just add one more of it.
So here I want to add the product product tag clouds so it's going to show the product tags here so
you can just work for the product tags and initial all the products since we don't have any of the product
tags.
We haven't added them.
That is why they're not appearing so I went at it.
So that is why it will look empty.
We don't want to do right now.
I want to add the product that
products right here.
So this is just in line.
That is why this is so confusing.
I just always do it from the vigil section area here.
But let's just get this right now.
It's not it's not a problem.
So here we have this.
I want to add best selling
products.
OK.
And then here I want to show the products that are all products.
But I want it to be ordered by random so it's just going to show random products and mid-limit as best
selling products so they don't know which product the person buys.
OK.
So then we have the number of products to show and I'm going to show three.
So I just want to show it's free products right here and you can see this will show through products
you can see that now we are done with the side bar and this is how our whole e-commerce space professional
web site is looking.
If I just go to my site you can see how this is so this is how it is.
We can also create a sub menu for the categories like I showed you in the five that can lead to you
because dot com so that person can just search for other categories OK.
You can do that if you want to and this is how we have the home page.
So now we're totally done with our creation of this website.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And stay tuned.
And bye bye.